[modbus] Support for after connection delays (#12642)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.modbus/README.md

|---------------------------------| -------- | ------- |--------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `timeBetweenTransactionsMillis` |          | integer | `60`               | How long to delay we must have at minimum between two consecutive MODBUS transactions. In milliseconds.                                                            |
| `timeBetweenReconnectMillis`    |          | integer | `0`                | How long to wait to before trying to establish a new connection after the previous one has been disconnected. In milliseconds.                                     |
| `connectMaxTries`               |          | integer | `1`                | How many times we try to establish the connection. Should be at least 1.                                                                                           |

> | `afterConnectionDelayMillis`    |          | integer | `0`                | Delay between connection and first modbus operation .                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: Please specify units (millis) in documentation. In addition, good to use same terminology as in UI, so one can correlate between parameter name and UI using documentation.

```suggestion
| `afterConnectionDelayMillis`    |          | integer | `0`                | Connection warm-up time, i.e. delay between connection and first modbus operation. In milliseconds.                                                                                                              |
```

(you probably need to reformat whole table as welll)

| `timeBetweenTransactionsMillis` |          | integer | `60`               | How long to delay we must have at minimum between two consecutive MODBUS transactions. In milliseconds.                                                            |
| `timeBetweenReconnectMillis`    |          | integer | `0`                | How long to wait to before trying to establish a new connection after the previous one has been disconnected. In milliseconds.                                     |
| `connectMaxTries`               |          | integer | `1`                | How many times we try to establish the connection. Should be at least 1.                                                                                           |

> | `afterConnectionDelayMillis`    |          | integer | `0`                | Delay between connection and first modbus operation, reflected in milliseconds.                                                                                    |

Reviewer: Suggesting to have same description as in UI, similar to the other parameters.

```suggestion
| `afterConnectionDelayMillis`    |          | integer | `0`                | Connection warm-up time. Additional time which is spent on preparing connection which should be spent waiting while end device is getting ready to answer first modbus call. In milliseconds.                                                            |
```

Reviewer: Resolved in https://github.com/openhab/openhab-addons/pull/12642/commits/9124e01e0c8601fb58d1cd35b862b8954f106c48

| `receiveTimeoutMillis`          |          | integer | `1500`             | Timeout for read operations. In milliseconds.                                                                                              |
| `flowControlIn`                 |          | text    | `"none"`           | Type of flow control for receiving. Valid values are: `"none"`, `"xon/xoff in"`, `"rts/cts in"`.                                           |
| `flowControlOut`                |          | text    | `"none"`           | Type of flow control for sending. Valid values are: `"none"`, `"xon/xoff out"`, `"rts/cts out"`.                                           |
| `timeBetweenTransactionsMillis` |          | integer | `35`               | How long to delay we must have at minimum between two consecutive MODBUS transactions. In milliseconds.                                    |
| `connectMaxTries`               |          | integer | `1`                | How many times we try to establish the connection. Should be at least 1.                                                                   |

> | `afterConnectionDelayMillis`    |          | integer | `0`                | Delay between connection and first modbus operation.                                                                                       |

Reviewer: See above.

| `flowControlOut`                |          | text    | `"none"`           | Type of flow control for sending. Valid values are: `"none"`, `"xon/xoff out"`, `"rts/cts out"`.                                           |
| `timeBetweenTransactionsMillis` |          | integer | `35`               | How long to delay we must have at minimum between two consecutive MODBUS transactions. In milliseconds.                                    |
| `connectMaxTries`               |          | integer | `1`                | How many times we try to establish the connection. Should be at least 1.                                                                   |

> | `afterConnectionDelayMillis`    |          | integer | `0`                | Delay between connection and first modbus operation, reflected in milliseconds.                                                            |

Reviewer: Suggesting to have same description as in UI, similar to the other parameters.

```suggestion
| `afterConnectionDelayMillis`    |          | integer | `0`                | Connection warm-up time. Additional time which is spent on preparing connection which should be spent waiting while end device is getting ready to answer first modbus call. In milliseconds.                                                            |
```
